Terms and Conditions ("Terms")
Last updated: (11/9/2022)
Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully before using our website 
"http://www.equnia.app" and our Mobile App "EQUINA" and the "Service" operated by Equina.

Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with
these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. 
If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.

1-PURCHASES
If you wish to purchase any product or service made available through the Service ("Purchase"),
you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to your Purchase including, without
limitation,-your (name , phone number, e-mail, adress Etc..)
The Purchases section is for businesses that sell online (physical or digital). 
For the full disclosure section, create your own Terms and Conditions.

2-SUBSCRIPTIONS
Some parts of the Service are billed on a subscription basis ("Subscription(s)"). You will be billed in
advance on booking lessons and assessments.
The Subscriptions section is for EQUINA businesses. For the full disclosure section, create your
own Terms and Conditions.

3- TERMINATION
This Agreement is effective upon your acceptance and shall continue in full force and effect until terminated,
You may terminate these Terms and Conditions at any time, provided that you discontinue any further use of the Website and
mobile application. 
We may terminate these Terms and Conditions at any time and may do so immediately without notice, and
accordingly deny your access to the Website and Such termination will be without any
liability to us.
Any such termination of these Terms and Conditions shall not cancel your obligation to
pay for the product already ordered from the
Website and mobile application or affect any liability that may have arisen under these Terms and Conditions.


4 - LIMITAION OF LIABILITY
EQUINA shall not be liable to you or to any other person for any indirect, special, incidental or consequential losses or damages
of any nature arising out of or in connection with:-
- Your use of the support
- The liability or fitness of any customer,
- The performance of or browsing in the
software applications or your links to other software applications from this software applications, 
even if EQUINA has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Without prejudice to the generality of the section above, our total liability to you for all
liabilities arising out of these Terms and Conditions is it in tort or contract is limited to
the service provided to you.
We make no representations or warranties about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, correctness and/or timeliness of any content,
information, software, text, graphics, links or communications provided on or through the use of the Website and mobile application or
that the operation of the Website and application will be error free and/or uninterrupted. 
Consequently, we assume no liability whatsoever for any monetary or other damage suffered by you on account of the
delay, failure, interruption, or corruption of any data or other information transmitted in connection with use of the Website and mobile
application; and/or any interruption or errors in the operation of the Website.
Content
Our Service allows you to post, link, store, share and otherwise make available certain information,
text, graphics, videos, or other material ("Content"). You are responsible for the ...
The Content section is for businesses that allow users to create, edit, share, make content on
their websites or apps. For the full disclosure section, create your own Terms and Conditions.

5-LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled
by EQUINA.
EQUINA has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content,
privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and
agree that EQUINA shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any
damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any
such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.



6- WEBSITE SECURITY
You are prohibited from violating the security
of the Website, including, without limitation:
- Accessing data not intended for such user or
logging onto a server or an account which the
user is not authorized to access;
- Attempting to probe, scan or test the
exposure of a system or network or to breach
security or authentication measures without
proper authorization;
- Attempting to interfere with service to any
user, host or network, including, without
limitation, via means of submitting a virus to
the Website, overloading, flooding, spamming,
mail bombing or crashing; and/or
- Sending unsolicited email, including
promotions and/or advertising of products or
services.
Violations of system or network security may
result in civil or criminal liability.

6 - COPYRIGHTS
All content included on the Site or in the
mobile application, including but not limited
to text, graphics, logos, button icons, images,
audio clips, digital downloads, data
compilations and software, is the property and
copyright work of either EQUINA , its users,
its content suppliers or its licensors and is
protected by copyright, trademarks, patents or
other intellectual property rights and laws.
The compilation of the content on the Site is
the exclusive property and copyright of
EQUINA and is protected by copyright,
trademarks, patents or other other intellectual
property rights and laws.

7 - INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify and hold EQUINA
and its affiliates, officers, employees, agents
and suppliers harmless from any and all
claims, demands, actions, proceedings, losses,
liabilities, damages, costs, expenses (including
reasonable legal costs and expenses),
howsoever suffered or incurred due to or
arising out of your breach of this User
Agreement, or your violation of any law or the
rights of a third party.

8- CHANGES TO THE AGREEMENT
EQUINA reserves the right, at its sole and
absolute discretion, to change, modify, add to,
supplement or delete any of the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, effective with or
without prior notice. Your continued use of the
Software Applications or the Support following
any revision to this Agreement constitutes
your complete and irrevocable acceptance of
any and all such changes.

CONTACT US
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
